DOC: Change import error "howto" to link to new troubleshooting page (#16014)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/user/troubleshooting.rst

***************

> Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Maybe make the title more specific, e.g. "Troubleshooting ImportError". The rest of the doc makes this immediately clear, but having it called out in the title might be nice.

***************

.. note::

    Since this information may be updated regularly, please refer to the

>     most up to date version in the development version of the documentation.

Reviewer: Once the URL has been settled on, it would be nice to have an external link to the `devdocs` version of this article to make navigating to the most up-to-date version simpler, e.g. `` `up-to-date version <https://numpy.org/devdocs/user/troubleshooting-importerror.html>`_ ``

ImportError
===========

In certain cases a failed installation or setup issue can cause you to
see the following error message::

    IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS FOR ADVICE ON HOW TO SOLVE THIS ISSUE!

    Importing the numpy c-extensions failed. This error can happen for
    different reasons, often due to issues with your setup.

> The error has a few additional information to help you trouble shoot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error also has additional information to help you troubleshoot:
```

* Your Python version
* Your NumPy version

Please check both of these carefully to see if they are what you expect.
You may need to check your ``PATH`` or ``PYTHONPATH`` environment variables

> (see "Check Environment Variables" below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(see `Check Environment Variables`_ below).
```

> The following sections list commonly reported issues depending on your Setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections list commonly reported issues depending on your setup.
```

* how you installed Python
* how you installed NumPy
* your operating system
* whether or not you have multiple versions of Python installed
* if you built from source, your compiler versions and ideally a build log

when investigating further and asking for support.

Using Python from ``conda`` (Anaconda)
--------------------------------------

Please make sure that you have activated your conda environment.
See also the `conda user-guide <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#activating-an-environment>`_.

Using Anaconda/conda Python within PyCharm
------------------------------------------

There are fairly common issues when using PyCharm together with Anaconda,
please see the `PyCharm support <https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/conda-support-creating-conda-virtual-environment.html>`_

Raspberry Pi
------------

There are sometimes issues reported on Raspberry Pi setups when installing
using ``pip3 install`` (or ``pip`` install). These will typically mention::

    libf77blas.so.3: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory

The solution will be to either::

    sudo apt-get install libatlas-base-dev

> to install the missing libraries expected by the self compiled NumPy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to install the missing libraries expected by the self-compiled NumPy
```

(ATLAS is a possible provider of linear algebra).

> *Alternatively* use the NumPy provided by raspian. In which case run::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Alternatively* use the NumPy provided by Raspbian. In which case run::
```
